this is this idea of boltzmann brains
where if you assume that the if you
assume Randomness obtains out there in
the universe or out there in reality
beyond our universe then Randomness
implies that everything that can
possibly happen is going to happen
somewhere or other at some point and
when we say possible to happen logically
possible could happen and that includes
you yourself your brain your
Consciousness right now popping into
existence
and then popping out of existence now
and what we're saying about that here
what David's saying about that here is
that that's an exceedingly bad
explanation it doesn't explain anything
it doesn't explain why the laws of
physics have the form that they do of
course everything could pop into
existence now and then pop out of
existence I think I've first heard this
at University that God could have done
that that he could have clicked his
fingers and and and and everything comes
into being including you with your
memories right now and at any moment it
could disappear again as well and I
found that an exceedingly bad
explanation at that time as well